.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH gitwatch-rs 1  "gitwatch-rs " 
.SH NAME
gitwatch\-rs
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgitwatch\-rs\fR [\fB\-m\fR|\fB\-\-commit\-message\fR] [\fB\-\-commit\-message\-script\fR] [\fB\-\-commit\-on\-start\fR] [\fB\-\-debounce\-seconds\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-i\fR|\fB\-\-ignore\-regex\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-level\fR] [\fB\-r\fR|\fB\-\-remote\fR] [\fB\-\-retries\fR] [\fB\-w\fR|\fB\-\-watch\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fIREPOSITORY\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-commit\-message\fR=\fIMESSAGE\fR
Static commit message to use for all commits
.TP
\fB\-\-commit\-message\-script\fR=\fISCRIPT\fR
Path to executable script that generates commit messages.
The path can be absolute or relative to the repository.
The script is executed with the repository as working directory
and must output the message to stdout.
.TP
\fB\-\-commit\-on\-start\fR=\fICOMMIT_ON_START\fR [default: true]
Automatically commit any existing changes on start
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRtrue, false]
.TP
\fB\-\-debounce\-seconds\fR=\fIDEBOUNCE_SECONDS\fR [default: 1]
Number of seconds to wait before processing multiple changes to the same file.
Higher values reduce commit frequency but group more changes together.
.TP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Run without performing actual Git operations (staging, committing, etc.)
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-ignore\-regex\fR=\fIIGNORE_REGEX\fR
Regular expression pattern for files to exclude from watching.
Matches are performed against repository\-relative file paths.
Note: the .git folder & gitignored files are ignored by default.
Example: "\\.tmp$" to ignore temporary files.
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fILOG_LEVEL\fR [default: info]
Set the log level
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRtrace, debug, info, warn, error]
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remote\fR=\fIREMOTE\fR
Name of the remote to push to (if specified).
Example: "origin".
.TP
\fB\-\-retries\fR=\fIRETRIES\fR [default: 3]
Number of retry attempts when errors occur.
Use \-1 for infinite retries.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-watch\fR=\fIWATCH\fR [default: true]
Enable continuous monitoring of filesystem changes.
Set to false for one\-time commit of current changes.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRtrue, false]
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.TP
[\fIREPOSITORY\fR] [default: .]
Path to the Git repository to monitor for changes
